- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
HOUSE OF THE DRAGON
Move!
- Let's go!
- That's right. keep going!
Everyone in now!
- Right.
- That's right. Keep going!
Three more here.
Here. And others there.
You! Go with them.
Two more here.
Good morning. ma'am.
You three.
in this one.
Please. please.
Our house is already full.
There are 15 thousand
soldiers. sir.
Be thankful you only have three.
Crowded is not always bad.
Behave yourself.
If you didn't like it.
speak to Lord Ormund.
We'll see what it will do.
I mean. regarding the question
of accommodation. my lord.
You are dissatisfied
with yours. Lord Footly?
It's just that we have appreciation
for the home of our ancestors.
You are sleeping
in our quarters.
You knelt before the suitor. Rhaenyra
Targaryen. wasn't it. Lady Footly?
Exactly.
Perhaps I should remind you that
the price of betrayal is death.
We don't want any
conflict. my lord.
Tumbleton has no defenses.
Our people only understand
commerce. We never went after wars.
So they swore loyalty
to her out of fear.
We swear allegiance
because she is the queen.
And even?
Or is she a bitch with a dragon?
My purpose is to restore the rightful
bloodline to the Iron Throne.
So I need to rest.
For this. I need
decent accommodation.
I will make sure my men behave
while we are in your city.
Provided. of course.
yours do the same.
Make them leave.
Don't even try.
When dealing with subordinates.
you must be fair and firm.
Yes sir.
My prince.
My lord. a raven has
arrived from Storm's End
with more apologies from
Lord Borros Baratheon.
The mindless man signed a marriage
pact between Prince Aemond
and one of his
horrible daughters.
And where is he now?
Send another raven.
Maybe he'll understand if there
are more drawings than letters.
News from Harrenhal?
If Vhagar doesn't come. our
defenses will not resist.
Don't be discouraged. Daeron.
Your brother will arrive soon.
Why take Tumbleton?
It's not a fortress.
It is a market town.
Your lord is a weakling.
Its defenses are precarious.
The Hightowers could paint
their heraldry on his chest.
Why?
Does he want their
support in some way?
He challenges me to bathe in fire
a city that raised my standard.
And the Kingdom would
call me "Maegor Reborn.
They would turn against me
and the same gods who delivered me to the
throne would be right to overthrow me.
If I may...
The Prince's Riverlands Troop
Daemon marches to King's Landing.
Tumbleton is not very far away.
If his men went there...
It would be a bloodbath.
but it would still be more
merciful than sending the dragons.
We will march to the city
and we'll tear the Hightowers
out of there. house by house.
It's a good plan.
Send the order to Lord Tully.
Orwyle.
As long as you remain
loyal and helpful.
You may take your place on my Council
and retain your title of Grand Maester.
The crows follow their task.
but Lady Mysaria must be
informed of his movements.
Remnants of a dead regime.
It will take the Riverlands
men weeks to reach Tumbleton.
Let's send a dragon
to keep watch.
Ormund may have laid
siege to the city.
but it won't get out of
there. unless I remove it.
Meanwhile. there are
urgent matters at home.
We managed to secure a
small reserve of oil...
- to the markets...
- Where's the Hand?
By the gods. this
Council is reduced.
Appoint a coin master.
Soon the people will discover
that we have few resources.
They can blame it on him.
Investigate Sir
Torrhen Manderly.
He left me intrigued.
If he is fit. let gold be
his and Daemon's concern.
Mine will be Ormund Hightower.
I know him as much as you do.
I have my doubts.
Viserys entrusted his son to
him. I never even met the man.
I didn't spend much time
with him. a long time ago.
After my father brought me to
Court. I rarely went to Oldtown.
- Tell me what you know.
He sees himself as a scholar.
He studies stories. collects
tapestries. writes ballads.
He despises the
ignorant and uneducated.
When we were young. Gwayne
thought he was cruel. but...
Gwayne thought that of many.
How is he with Daeron?
Fatherly. from what I heard.
Daeron was a baby when he
came into his guardianship.
Was it painful to have
to send your son away?
It was my choice.
Why?
I gave Viserys three Targaryens.
But the last. my last...
I wish it was a Hightower.
I'm glad I fought this battle.
Seeing what happened
to our children...
perhaps sending Daeron was my
most sincere act of motherhood.
Although I don't know what
fate that choice held for him.
You know I would
have spared you.
ADAPTATION | REVIEW
| SYNCHRONY: EMAIL |
loschulosteam@gmail.com
He is sensitive to odors.
Ormund.
A strong sensitivity.
My Lord Hand.
The queen requested his
presence at the Small Council.
I am her Hand. not her mouth.
Let those who enjoy
doing it speak.
Should I return this message?
- That you refused the queen?
- That way I can serve you better.
Her strength is in dragons now.
A seafaring man isn't much use.
But my son will serve
you in my place.
At least you look the part.
I am not a man of the Court.
I don't know what I'm doing.
There is a great
opportunity for you there.
I can't give you legitimacy.
But I can give you the chance
to become someone better.
You do not end anger
with a blade. my lord.
Let's go!
I am here.
One coin to touch the dragon.
Nothing is free in this forest.
He can sit in the
saddle for a pittance.
Tapping will be enough.
Thanks.
We seek shelter.
Where is Pouso das Gralhas?
He placed both hands.
It rang twice.
What's wrong with your leg?
You can kill a man of faith
for a few coins if you want.
Though I doubt the gods
would look kindly on that.
You don't look like a septon.
He's alive!
I know you are. He's
alive. You have to be.
- Sunfyre.
- Calm down. Gregor.
- Wake up. Sunfyre. I am here.
Wake up. Sunfyre. I am here.
Simple.
Chord. Get up.
What is he talking about?
Sunfyre. come back to me.
Chord. I know you are alive.
We can't delay. The
danger is immense.
I'm terribly sorry.
but you have to
accept what's in
front of your eyes.
- Wake up!
- You wanted to see him.
And he saw it.
- He's dead.
- No.
Will you stay and rot with him?
Or will you get up and live?
Are you lost?
Where is the castellan?
Dead.
And his successor?
And his successor too.
And who are you?
A housekeeper. so to speak.
It's the best you'll
have at the moment.
He is the Hand of the king.
We are looking
for Prince Aemond.
Just as many seek.
He was supposed to meet us here.
If you know his whereabouts.
I advise you not to hide it.
He was here.
He took the castle after
Prince Daemon abandoned it.
But when he heard that Rhaenyra had taken
King's Landing. - he and the dragon left.
- When did Rhaenyra
take King's Landing?
By the gods!
You didn't know.
We've searched the
area. Lord Hand.
There are signs
of a large dragon
nest. but it has been abandoned.
Prince Aemond can. in
a suit. have run away.
King's Landing has fallen.
Aegon is dead.
Our queens are in chains.
And here we are. alone. with a
meager army and no dragons.
We have the enemy exactly
where we want him.
- Aemond wouldn't abandon me.
- He's not here. is he?
Let's send a raven to Tumbleton.
Inform my cousin
of this news and of
our intention to add
our forces to his.
Ormund is a stubborn chatterbox.
but he is not cowardly or stupid.
You must have some
cunning plan in place.
No.
The game is over. Sir
Criston. And we lost.
What benefit is
there in continuing?
You nobles see everything
as one big game. don't you?
Win. lose. go home and
sleep in a feather bed.
I was an infantryman.
Did you know?
Son of a steward.
Everything my father had depended
on Lord Dondarrion's favor.
When the favor was over.
what we had fell apart.
My father died of heartbreak.
There is no "home"
for someone like me.
Not while Rhaenyra
occupies the throne.
Our mission is simple:
stop the scum from
reaching King's
Landing - and wait for
Ormund to reinforce the troops.
- This army is...
- ten times bigger than ours.
- Twenty.
But we will attack him as
the scorpion attacks the ox.
Let's become specters
and make fear our banner.
Attack from silence
and darkness. Our fight
It will be man against man.
Without the
interference of dragons.
Sir Edgar.
We'll delay them at most.
We will not change its course.
Maybe not.
As I said. Sir Gwayne.
We must cling to our honor so
as not to become beasts too.
Who is there?
Alyn de Casco.
I'll talk to him. Come.
Your grace.
Lord Corlys left
through the Dragon Gate
to hunt down the Triarchy
marauders who ravage our commerce.
He has competent men
to lead this campaign.
As your queen fights to
restore a failed Kingdom.
Your grace. if I may.
My father lost a lot and
had his plans frustrated.
Maybe a fight is what he needs.
My father's life's work.
A recreation of the
seat of Ancient Valyria.
I believe it was
a reminder that...
even great dynasties fall
and that the crown should
not accommodate the wearer.
There were comments
that my father was weak.
But now I see the
weight I carried
and I admire how you have
maintained the balance for so long.
Parents have a maddening ability to
simultaneously inspire and infuriate.
Don't you think so?
By the gods. they don't stop.
Thanks to Aegon. the
ratcatchers are dead.
On the ship. we raise cats.
Stay strong.
We must hide our intentions
while discreetly dealing with...
get a ship.
Cole's garrison. They
owe loyalty to me.
It is not a garrison.
Best to assume they are
only loyal to themselves.
We can't stay here any longer.
Good morning my friend.
We seek food and shelter.
Like many here. we lost
everything with the war.
Are they from the Riverlands?
I hate the people there.
We came from Ponta Aguda.
Prince Aemond burned
everything there...
with your...
How did they get out?
We almost didn't make it.
As you can see...
Good.
there are already many of us.
Get out of here.
I have coins.
You can get a tent.
if you want to work.
Do you have a job?
I have some knowledge
of herbs and...
I can read a little.
Maybe it will be useful.
I call the shots here.
This is very clear.
my lord.
Tom Línguapresa takes
care of the latrines.
Collects urine for the
tanners. feces for farmers.
He can help you.
Separate buckets. If you
mix it up. they don't pay.
I...
- I won't touch the damn latrines.
- Do it. do whatever you say. Gregor.
- For now...
- I read as well as he does.
Tongue Tied and Caramassada!
You'll get along fine.
- It's not so bad. you
get used to it. brother.
Let's go.
Let me go!
I think we're going
to have fun here.
Let's party tonight. It will
be better than Bosquemel.
Wait.
I have to inspect the goods.
Go outside.
Let's go.
- Help!
- Take your hands off...
Take your hands off her.
Let me go!
- Let's go. Get them out of here.
- Release my brother. damned Hightower!
Sir Hugh Hammer. your grace.
Sir Hugh. I assure
you. When there
is news of a house.
you will be called.
I understand that Sir Ulf
will be sent to Tumbleton.
- It will be.
- If it pleases your grace.
I offer to take over the
vigil with Vermithor.
His wife is in
Tumbleton. aren't you?
- Sir Ulf has no interest in this matter.
- Send it to me. I have.
I will not stop watching
while someone I
love is down there.
You can take turns.
Keep vigil over the
city and each other.
You can take the first shift.
Make sure Ulf is
informed of the plan.
Your grace.
What does this say?
Queen of bastards.
Hightower supporters try to
fight a war they already lost.
QUEEN OF BASTARDS
It's Ulf!
He's back!
Let's go!
The winner!
Ulf. Lord of Dragons!
- Hey!
- He's almost a god!
Will you honor your friends
with a round of drinks. my lord?
The price soared.
we couldn't hold it.
- Tell him. Ulf.
- For everyone?
Did you hear that?
Drinks for everyone!
- He broke her arm.
- Do they call themselves soldiers?
- They terrorize children!
- What is this?
You said your men were
honorable. This man sinned.
I was housed in the
smithy. my lord.
But the blacksmith
didn't like it.
Perhaps he was offended by the
imposition. or perhaps
he is loyal to Rhaenyra.
But he attacked me.
My lord. if I may.
We wish you no harm.
But this man tried
to abuse my sister
and broke my wife's
arm for stopping him.
And she is a weaver.
We need what little she earns.
That is true?
- No.
- Liar!
- Look at that woman's arm.
- She attacked me!
- You deserved it!
- She cursed me!
I want you to calm down!
- What is your name?
- Garrick. my lord.
From Whitegrove.
Garrick of Whitegrove.
You have violated guest rights.
He disgraced himself by trying to
abuse one woman and hurt another.
Your punishment will
match the crime.
You will be castrated.
And you will have a broken arm.
You will remain at my
service. but if you
break into another
house. will be hanged.
My lord. I have a wife!
No! My lord!
Take them home. Call a
maester to treat them.
You need to keep your grip
steady. Tempers are high.
Disorder and anarchy
knock on our doors.
Yes sir.
I want to see all
correspondence between the
Red Keep and Ormund
since my father's death.
Your grace.
How much control do the
Hightowers exert over the Faith?
Well. they financed the
construction of the Starry Sept.
and Oldtown was the seat of the Faith
for centuries before the conquest.
The Seven are part of
the very essence of
Hightower. just as dragons
are part of House Targaryen.
But "control"? I don't think so.
Faith is too proud to
allow such influence.
High Septon refused
to anoint me.
Faith does not give
up its own autonomy.
If I may be so
bold. your grace...
Does it matter?
- What...
- Your grace occupies the throne.
His people celebrated his return.
Their dragons rule the skies.
And isn't that enough as
a demonstration of power?
Maybe I can remove him.
The Monarch has always had some
influence in choosing the High
Septon. but removing him completely
would certainly inflame the Faith.
And with that. the faithful.
Unless your grace
is considering a...
more permanent dismissal.
I never imagined
him so bloodthirsty.
- I...
- I'm impressed.
But. unfortunately. no.
Bring me Ormund's letters
as soon as you gather them.
There was no news
from Prince Daemon?
- And your progress?
- None. for now. your grace.
I thought I would never see you
in the Vale again. Prince Daemon.
Especially after the tragic
death of his first wife.
Yet I receive one raven after
another from my vassals.
informing me of your
advance through my domains.
Time heals even
the deepest wounds.
It is with great joy
that I return. my lady.
And who could fail to
be enchanted by his...
cordiality?
But I can't delay.
You promised the Crown men
in exchange for a dragon.
Now you have your dragon.
but we have no men.
I would send the babies.
It would take Joffrey's dragon
years to grow and defend the Vale.
and Rhaenyra took him anyway.
A less tolerant person might see
the Crown's offer as an insult.
A promise is a promise.
I had understood that the war
had already been won. my prince.
Why does she need more soldiers?
In truth.
I didn't come looking for
men. I came to look for gold.
So your coffers are empty.
The work of the
Hightowers' betrayal.
But perhaps a generous offering
of coin would demonstrate his...
loyalty to the Crown.
Prince Daemon
Targaryen. standing
in my hall. begging
like a beggar?
I never thought I
would see such a scene.
A gift of gold would guarantee
my immediate departure.
Very good.
Stop. Caraxes.
We will fly home.
No. Caraxes.
Calm down!
You're going the wrong way.
Serve!
Who is there?
Rhaena!
Calm down. Caraxes.
No. Calm down.
Calm down!
What happened to you?
As?
I fed sheep.
Rhaenyra believes this dragon
and its rider are the reason...
of Jace's death.
I just wanted to help.
No.
And show her. Show it to
you. I never wanted...
Is she suffering?
Does Jeyne Arryn
know you're here?
- I should take my children to Pentos.
- They are well looked after. Insurance.
- You swore to be their guardian!
- For what?
Teach them to be
ladies of the Kingdom?
I wouldn't be of any use there.
Just like I didn't have it here.
If you leave now where you are supposed
to be. Rhaenyra will not need to know.
We'll find a ship.
Leave the dragon behind.
I won't leave him.
He's not like the others.
It's wild. you can't trust it.
He's mine.
It's part of me.
I spent my entire life alone.
A Targaryen without a
dragon. ignored or...
worse. pitiful.
Can you say you ever
really cared for me?
Rhaena. the unfortunate one.
Rhaena. the daughter
who mattered least?
Then come back with
me to King's Landing.
- No.
- We...
we will talk to her together.
we will say it was a mistake.
How can I face her
again after what I did?
No. I can never go back.
I'll stay here.
Alone and exiled. It
will be my penance.
She will hunt her down.
You are already hunting.
Let them mourn for me and
think I am lost at sea.
Unless you betray me.
You ask me to deceive
you. This is treason.
I never asked you for anything.
dad. in my entire life.
Now I ask you only this.
Rhaena. Rhaena.
Rhaena!
Calm down. you
furry little beast.
Stop yelling.
A raven has just arrived
from Harrenhal. my lord.
It bears the Hightower seal.
Skirt.
My prince?
Skirt. Now.
That damned bastard.
Miserable!
Damn!
Bastard!
Miserable!
Your uncle Gwayne sent news.
It looks like your brother Aemond
won't be joining us after all.
But will Gwayne
come to Tumbleton?
We need to change our plan.
Sir Otto wrote diligently
to his nephew Ormund.
Nothing was answered.
Are you sure there was no error?
Nothing?
What should I
conclude from this?
I only assume that Lord Ormund
ruled Oldtown as a separate kingdom.
Sir Ulf the White still
awaits. your grace.
Between.
Your grace.
It is an honor to
be in your service
and to have sworn my
life to your cause.
Yes. I'm sure.
- What do you want. then?
- I wanted to know if...
As a humble servant of your
grace. I could ask you a favor.
Well. favors.
Say what they are.
For a man called Mujja. a small
property on the outskirts
of Rosby and tax exemption.
With the thanks of your grace.
And. for a guy named Cley. a
pardon for several petty crimes.
We won't go into that.
And passage to Lys...
- These favors are not in your name.
- No. no. your grace.
They are for allies.
From a tavern I
frequent. attended.
- I used to. Before.
- A tavern.
And...
if a Hightower agent sticks
a knife in your stomach
- while filling it with beer?
The belly is mine.
No. it's not.
You now belong to the Crown.
If something happens
to you or your belly.
I will suffer as if
I had lost a dragon.
and the stability of the
Kingdom will be threatened.
No. you will no longer
frequent taverns.
What?
I'm afraid you'll
have to find your...
your beer within the
walls of the Red Keep.
Where will it remain.
except when escorted
to Dragonpit.
to do his duty at Tumbleton.
If you're done. you can go.
They protest against the lady.
you knew?
Out there in the city.
I saw disgusting words
painted on the walls.
They wrote...
"Queen of bastards."
It was certainly the
work of some of his...
ill-informed subjects.
who mistakenly convinced themselves
that your queen is cruel.
Your grace.
Could you warn Sir Luthor?
Ask for your Cloaks
Goldens who look for any
seditious inscriptions
on the streets of this
city. remove them and
find those responsible.
Shall we bring them. your grace?
Just get it over with. please.
There's a Braavosi ship leaving
Duskendale in a few days.
- I think I can get
rested horses...
Even if they believed in you.
Rhaenyra occupies the throne.
And you don't have a dragon.
She did us all a favor
by declaring him dead.
Am I dead?
Killed by his brother. Aemond.
Is that what they're saying?
I'm going to kill that one...
- I'm going to kill her. that...
- In due time.
The conversations here
have a lot to reveal to us.
Anonymity is a blessing for us.
This will ensure
that your future...
resurrection...
become the stuff
of song and legend.
Get something to eat.
There's nothing left for us.
Sometimes it happens. but...
w-w-we'll get
something tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
I will not tolerate this.
Absurd.
Is this how you govern?
With this lack of food?
Reply!
Sit down before I make you.
Who do you think
you're talking to? I'll
rip your tongue out.
you insolent monkey.
- Calm down.
- I'm going to open it
like a fish. you wretch.
Let's not get ahead
of ourselves...
On your knees if
you want to live.
Kiss my feet.
- I take back what I said.
- Or die. For me. whatever.
But you will call me...
from "my lord".
- Janos.
- You too?
The investigations
were rigorous.
but we need to
ensure that. wherever
they are. Crown assets
are no longer...
I bring justice.
I bring revenge.
And I also bring gold.
What is that?
That was who rode Roubovelha.
Along with ten thousand golden
dragons from Lady Jeyne Arryn.
Anything from her
vassals in the Vale?
We are still waiting for a
response from the big houses.
And the Iron Bank did not
respond to our loan request.
Could you explain
to me who this is?
I am Sir Torrhen Manderly. my
prince. The new Master of Coins.
Of the little that
is left to manage.
I bet you think you're
smart. isn't it. Manderly?
-
Well...
- Well know: I'm
the smart one here.
I understood. The small
amount of gold that
Daemon found will help alleviate
the people's hardships.
- The Patrol is devastated.
We have to pay our soldiers. recruit new
ones. otherwise we will experience chaos.
- Chaos. yes. if the people feel -
that the Crown ignores their anguish.
Leave the hall.
What is that?
The queen's justice.
Who is he?
And how did you manage
to claim a wild dragon?
Were you alone? Or is
he an ally of Aemond?
- Or from Ormund?
- I'm looking for the same answers.
But a dragon is not
a precise instrument.
And Roubovelha?
Escaped. without an assembler.
It's crazy to claim
a wild dragon.
we likely won't see it again.
I wish I had seen it.
I wanted to look...
to the one who killed my son.
So you could punish him?
Do you think this would
take away your pain?
Protect your interests.
The gold you brought will serve
as alms for the commoners.
The City Patrol trusts you.
ask them to be patient.
The Crown will honor its debt...
in due time.
I suppose...
I should thank you.
When your actions reach her
ears. she will
come to her senses.
Whose head is it?
I sent good men to take your
father's remains to Oldtown.
Viserys would have
wanted it that way.
Thanks.
Here.
Helena?
Empty the streets!
Obey the curfew!
Everyone inside!
Empty the streets!
Stay at home or
you will be hanged!
Dragon!
Open your doors. by
order of the queen!
- Obey!
- Here!
Here!
With me. here.
- You!
- Tell me who did this.
Who did this?
Scrub this wall!
Bring it!
What are you doing?
- Tell me who did this!
- I didn't do anything!
Please!
Be patient. my girl.
It won't be long until
we can fly again.
I warned you against indulging
in affection for this beast.
I know.
You're a nice guy.
He speaks kindly and
says his prayers.
I created him in the light of the
Seven. and Daddy smiles at you.
But there is a
stain in his blood.
Targaryens are a savage race. poor
in intellect but rich in cunning.
With dark spells. they
created abominations
We are superior
men. but against that...
no...
we could resist.
The gods have given you
a divine purpose. my boy.
What purpose. sir?
These barbarians elevate a
woman to the Iron Throne.
A sacrilege.
Where is the reason?
Where is the decorum?
It was a blessing you
grew up in Oldtown.
Your brothers are
lost. but you...
remains a Hightower.
raised in the shadow
of the Citadel. in the
light of the Starry Sept.
Now. you
must be king.
You do not. of course. wish me to
turn the mantle against my brothers.
You will restore
our ancient order.
The victory will be ours.
It is the will of the gods!
I thought I freed him.
A just king must demonstrate
that he upholds many virtues.
Honor. Wisdom.
Justice.
He only acted when our
man attacked a woman!
He got his hands on a Hightower.
This soldier is an extension
of you. of the Crown.
Justice must be done.
- Shouldn't a king be merciful?
- Exactly what your father would say.
Forgiveness.
I took a lot of
risk to raise you.
You certainly don't
want to disappoint me.
No. my lord.
Please.
No. please.
My lord.
Please. please.
My lord. I have a family.
I have a family. please.
Please!
And now. we begin.
- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i